pkgconfig: Also pull InternalDependency.libraries (#4440)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/pkgconfig_break.md

## Behaviour change in pkg-config generator

A small behaviour change has been made in the pkg-config generator. It will only
generate a `Requires:` or `Requires.private:` for a `library()` if is it passed
as first positional argument of the `generate()` method, and not any more if it

> is passed to the `libraries` keyword argument any more.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is hard to understand correctly.

We don't seem to have any wording at all about this important effect of associating internal libraries with the generated pkg-config files.

I think i would rephrase this as using the positional argument for the main library is now mandatory. That is very actionable for our users and we can then after this simple case add a caveat about previously allowing multiple libraries to be associated with one pkg-config file and that this will no longer be possible. (If we go with the depreciation idea i proposed it will still be possible for a time but we should urge users to get in contact with their use case anyway to see if we are missing something)

Reviewer: Yes, of course. It's only mandatory for pkg-config files that represent built libraries. But i still think building around that would be more understandable. But if you come up with something else that's easy to understand that's fine too. But i don't like how the current one focuses on generated lines and not on something high level. Also i had a hard time understanding it and i worked on this code. Maybe it could also phrased something like "to allow further dependencies on a library for which a pkg-config file was generated with pkg.generate to refer to the generated file..."

Author: I tried to rephrase it, does it look better? I'm not really good at writing doc, tbh :(

Author: Changed this text to be a deprecation warning instead of behaviour change.

## Deprecation warning in pkg-config generator

All libraries passed to the `libraries` keyword argument of the `generate()`
method used to be associated with that generated pkg-config file. That means
that any subsequent call to `generate()` where those libraries appear would add

> them into `Requires:` or `Requires.private:` field instead of `Libs:` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the filebase of the `generate()` that first contained them into `Requires:` or `Requires.private:` field instead of adding an `-l` to `Libs:` or
```

`Libs.private:`.

This behaviour is now deprecated. The library that should be associated with
the generated pkg-config file should be passed as first positional argument
instead of in the `libraries` keyword argument. The previous behaviour is

> maintained but prints a deprecation warning and could change in a future Meson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintained but prints a deprecation warning and support for this will be removed
in a future Meson
```

release.

For example this sample will write `Requires: liba` into `libb.pc` but print a
deprecation warning:
```meson
liba = library(...)
pkg.generate(libraries : liba)

libb = library(...)
pkg.generate(libraries : [liba, libb])
```

It can be fixed by passing `liba` as first positional argument::
```meson
liba = library(...)
pkg.generate(liba)

libb = library(...)
pkg.generate(libb, libraries : [liba])

> ```

Reviewer: +

"""If you can not create the needed pkg-config file without this warning, please file an issue with as much details as possible about the situation"""

Author: done.
